# FedRAMP Roadmap Progress Updates

![Roadmap Vibes: a group of folks working on computers while looking out at clouds](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d9b0eac-6241-4fdb-b2bb-c53af2bb8f26)


## Sprint 05 (2025-07-21 to 2025-08-01)

### OPEN Issue [#74: Federal Secure Cloud Advisory Committee (FSCAC) on POA&Ms (Public, August 14)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/74)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

This meeting has been scheduled and posted to the Federal Register, announcing the first FACA meeting for calendar year 2025.

### CLOSED Issue [#73: GovForward FedRAMP Board Panel (Pete, August 24)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/73)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

If you missed it, you can apparently see it On Demand at the following link: https://events.govexec.com/ato-and-cloud-security-summit-2025/

### CLOSED Issue [#72: FedRAMP Special Vulnerability Management Event](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/72)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

This event was awesome! We had a stacked panel including folks from Palo Alto Networks, Okta, Cisco, Wiz, Salesforce, GitHub, Amazon, StackArmor, UberEther, and Google. If you missed it, you can see the recording on YouTube here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8-9Ef2cnNQ

### CLOSED Issue [#71: BSA Sync on RFC-0012 (Pete/Nicole, July 28)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/71)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

We had an excellent discussion focused on RFC-0012 and the potential impact for Rev5 cloud service providers.

### CLOSED Issue [#70: CSP-AB Sync On RFC-0012 (Pete, July 29)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/70)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

We had an excellent discussion focused on RFC-0012 and the potential impact for Rev5 cloud service providers with CSP-AB too!

### CLOSED Issue [#67: [Gov Only] FFIEC IT Conference (Hoesing/Nicole, July 29)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/67)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

The FFIEC IT Conference brought together over 500 participants from across the financial regulatory and supervisory community from organizations like the Federal Reserve, OCC, FDIC, NCUA, CFPB, and state agencies. Attendees included IT examiners, cybersecurity experts, and risk professionals focused on staying current with federal efforts around cloud oversight and security.

We shared how FedRAMP is evolving into a faster, automation-first framework designed to accelerate secure cloud adoption specifically highlighting the work underway through FedRAMP 20x. The session was well received, with strong engagement and real-time Q&A with FedRAMP. We underscored that FedRAMPâ€™s future is about enabling innovation, not slowing it down, and invited continued collaboration across agencies to help shape and scale the 20x model. [View the slide deck from the briefing here!](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/21553660/FedRAMP.Presentation.pdf)

### OPEN Issue [#65: Scope of FedRAMP Guidance / Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/65)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

We're expecting to get a final version of this back and ready for publishing over the next two weeks. ðŸ¤ž 

### CLOSED Issue [#57: 930gov (Pete, July 31)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/57)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

I had a small panel discussion with Tom Tenin - I don't think there will be a video version, so you had to be there. ;)

### OPEN Issue [#47: Major redesign of fedramp.gov](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/47)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

We are so close!! Just working through a few final bugs in the mobile version and then we'll be able to push this site live. There is still a bunch of improvement to be made but the initial launch will hopefully clean up a lot of unnecessary stuff.

You can get a sneak peak here: https://demo.fedramp.gov

### OPEN Issue [#38: Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/38)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

[RFC-0012](https://www.fedramp.gov/rfcs/0012/) was published on July 15, with a closing date of August 21.

- Public Comments: https://github.com/FedRAMP/community/discussions/59
- GitHub Casual Discussion Thread: https://github.com/FedRAMP/community/discussions/60
- Rev5 focused special events: https://github.com/FedRAMP/community/discussions/62

### OPEN Issue [#28: R5.ADS Authorization Data Sharing Standard BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/28)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

Shifting the planned start date to August 18.

### OPEN Issue [#15: 20xP1 Low Pilot Submission and Review Window](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/15)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

During this sprint, we completed 4 20x Low authorizations and moved two more folks into In-Process - with another batch expected over the next two weeks.

We've also formally announced that the Submission window will close on August 19.

### OPEN Issue [#14: Authorization Data Sharing Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/14)

Latest comment (2025-08-01):

Finalization of the Authorization Data Standard was temporarily de-prioritized to focus efforts on the Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard in RFC-0012; we'll be back to finalizing the ADS and publishing this for our 20x pilot participants by August 15.

## Sprint 04 (2025-07-07 to 2025-07-18)

Sprint 04 ended with some big wins but also some clear delays as we've started to move and shift expected timelines to account for our reduced front office. On the bright side, Sprint 04 ended with authorization to recruit some internal and contract staff to offset the unexpected attrition.

### OPEN Issue [#72: FedRAMP Special Vulnerability Management Event](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/72)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

We've reached out to a few folks about this and are expecting to announce more details next week!

### OPEN Issue [#71: BSA Sync on RFC-0012 (Pete/Nicole, July 28)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/71)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

This community outreach session for July 28 has been tentatively scheduled.

### OPEN Issue [#70: CSP-AB Sync On RFC-0012 (Pete, July 29)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/70)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

This community outreach session has been confirmed.

### CLOSED Issue [#69: GovCIO Federal IT Efficiency Summit / Flywheel Awards (Pete)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/69)

Latest comment (2025-07-12):

FedRAMP was the recipient of Innovation Champion reward! You can read more about the award and event here: https://govciomedia.com/events/archive/federal-it-efficiency-summit-recap-2025/

### CLOSED Issue [#66: FRMR - Machine-Readable Requirements & Information](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/66)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

We will continue to add FRMR documents as they are finalized - so far the feedback has been mild but positive, and no one is particularly upset about the simple nature of our new documents not having fancy letterheads/etc. ;) Sufficient work has been done on this roadmap item to move it into standard operational procedure moving forward.

### OPEN Issue [#65: Scope of FedRAMP Guidance / Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/65)

Latest comment (2025-07-12):

The "final draft" for the updated guidance on the Scope of FedRAMP required by M-24-15 has been sent to OMB for final review.

### OPEN Issue [#64: Federal Information Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/64)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

Due to other shifting priorities and general related issues, this draft technical assistance hasn't move forward in the past three weeks. I'm shifting the likely the delivery date and will look to rebuild some momentum on this during the next sprint.

### CLOSED Issue [#60: Paramify Podcast 20x Roundtable (Pete, June 30)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/60)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

Folks can find this podcast in their favorite podcast app or watch it on youtube here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy6wdXmfqS8

### CLOSED Issue [#49: Marketplace Data Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/49)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

The planned Marketplace Data Standard will now be integrated into the Authorization Data Sharing Standard (#13), and initially simplified. As such I'm resetting the timeline for this and closing this issue as delivered (even though the ADS Standard isn't fully delivered, the fact that we've chosen to integrate kinda counts?).

### OPEN Issue [#48: Major redesign of marketplace](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/48)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

Based on changes in staffing, I'm moving this out to Aug - Sep. We may be filling out our web dev team with some more full time folks soon to hopefully build up a bit more consistency here. ðŸ¤ž 

### OPEN Issue [#47: Major redesign of fedramp.gov](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/47)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

This isn't quite ready for release yet but it's getting close! Our part time web devs are doing a great job, and I even jumped in a bit myself this week to help with some server hooks to redirect archived pages. I'm moving the target end date to July 31 and we'll keep plugging away.

### OPEN Issue [#43: Recommended Secure Configuration Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/43)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

Like many of the other draft standards in progress, this was impacted by unexpected staffing changes and delayed. It is a lower priority than some of the other standards at the moment, so I am moving the likely end date out quite a bit. I don't expect to post the RFC for this prior to August.

### OPEN Issue [#42: Agency Reuse Playbook for 20x](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/42)

Latest comment (2025-07-12):

The planned timeline for this has been changed to reflect changes in #32 and the planned collaboration with the new FedRAMP Board.

### OPEN Issue [#41: Establish DISA ILx One Way Reciprocity](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/41)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

Updating the projected end date for this initiative to more realistically capture how long this might take us to implement and the likelihood of success. As this is an internal government action we won't be publishing details about the ongoing status.

### OPEN Issue [#38: Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/38)

Latest comment (2025-07-14):

We have decided to integrate the Continuous Reporting Standard with plans for an updated Continuous Monitoring Performance Standard to create a single Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard.

The draft Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard results from extensive internal discussion, review with stakeholders, and consideration of public comment; it simply makes the most sense to combine both the reporting requirements AND the monitoring requirements in the same standard. As such, this issue has been renamed and prioritized to continue this work, while #13 will be closed as the review of the Continuous Reporting Standard has been completed.

### OPEN Issue [#37: Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/37)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

The Collaborative Continuous Monitoring Standard has been re-prioritized and shifted to likely begin work in August.

### OPEN Issue [#34: 20xP2 Moderate Pilot Submission and Review Window](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/34)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

Moving the tentative launch for Phase Two (Moderate) to October based on current progress.

### OPEN Issue [#32: Agency Adoption Pilot for 20x Low](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/32)

Latest comment (2025-07-12):

We have moved the planned start date for the Agency Adoption Pilot to the beginning of August and are expecting this activity to be predominantly sponsored by the new FedRAMP Board. 

### OPEN Issue [#30: Finalize Key Security Indicators (KSIs) for FedRAMP Moderate](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/30)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

I'm now expecting to publish the Moderate KSIs as an RFC in early/mide August, which pushes the end date out a bit.

### OPEN Issue [#28: R5.ADS Authorization Data Sharing Standard BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/28)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

If we're able to finalize the Authorization Data Sharing Standard next sprint, I expect to immediately move to a beta test on this standard for Rev5. As soon as the ADS is posted we will include information for interested participants to sign up for the closed beta.

### OPEN Issue [#23: R5.CRS Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/23)

Latest comment (2025-07-12):

The Continuous Reporting Standard is now being folded into a new Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard that will require a new RFC and further adjustments. As such, this Rev5 BIR has been shifted forward to track the projected completion of the new Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard.

### OPEN Issue [#19: R5.MAS Minimum Assessment Standard BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/19)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

I'm moving consideration of the Minimum Assessment Standard BIR to September based on a continued lack of interest. We'll work with the FedRAMP Board in August or September to determine if we want to just move this into wide release as an optional approach for Rev5 Agency Authorizations and let CSPs just identify whether they are using the MAS or the legacy boundary concept.

### OPEN Issue [#16: R5.SCN Significant Change Notification BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/16)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

We now have approximately ~8 candidates who have accepted invitations to the closed beta, though we are waiting for additional information for some of those candidates and a few others. The plan currently is to begin working with closed beta participants next week to discuss the approach and their upcoming changes in more detail, then to host group discussions and align folks on best practices and lessons learned as we deliver. Stay tuned for updates in an upcoming Rev5 working group session that will hopefully include discussion with participants!

### OPEN Issue [#15: 20xP1 Low Pilot Submission and Review Window](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/15)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

As of the end of Sprint 04, here's where we stand with the FedRAMP 20x Pilot:

- 11 total 20x pilot submissions
- 4 have been moved to In Process

We'll keep moving these forward! It is likely we will close the pilot to submissions on August 15 as planned, then spend some time focusing on formalizing requirements for open submissions.

### OPEN Issue [#14: Authorization Data Sharing Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/14)

Latest comment (2025-07-18):

We're about 2/3 of the way through a rewrite of this standard - it is taking longer than expected but barring the unexpected we should be able to close this up for initial pilot and beta testing at the end of next sprint.

This standard is now internally designated as the Authorization Data Sharing Standard (Designator: ADS).

### CLOSED Issue [#13: Continuous Reporting Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/13)

Latest comment (2025-07-12):

We have decided to integrate the Continuous Reporting Standard with plans for an updated Continuous Monitoring Performance Standard to create a single Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard. 

The draft Continuous Vulnerability Management Standard results from extensive internal discussion, review with stakeholders, and consideration of public comment; it simply makes the most sense to combine both the reporting requirements AND the monitoring requirements in the same standard. As such, Issue #38 has been renamed and prioritized to continue this work, while this issue will be closed as the review of the Continuous Reporting Standard has been completed.

## Recovery Sprint (2025-06-30 to 2025-07-04)

The week of July 4 was a recovery sprint for the FedRAMP team, focusing on team
tasks such as:

- Realigning teams based on staffing changes
- Building out some processes for tasks that were onerous in the previous month
  of delivery sprints

> Note: A flaw in the script that generates this progress report meant only OPEN
> issues were reported. I've regenerated previous updates to include progress on
> CLOSED issues.

### CLOSED Issue [#60: Paramify Podcast 20x Roundtable (Pete, June 30)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/60)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

I recorded this discussion in official capacity earlier today! It was an
interesting discussion about 20x, how it has landed amongst the community, what
folks learned so far, and how this is leading us towards creating a new
ecosystem of tooling to support real security across the entire government. I
hope folks find it interesting when it's released.

## Delivery Sprint 2 (2025-06-16 to 2025-06-27)

### CLOSED Issue [#68: [Gov Only] Interagency FedRAMP Day (Team, June 24)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/68)

Latest comment (2025-06-25):

OMB hosted nearly a hundred agency liaisons for the entire day in the first of
what may become quarterly events. The message from OMB and GSA executive
leadership was strong and consistent support of FedRAMP and modernizing agency
processes to improve the government wide approach to assessment and
authorization of cloud services.

### OPEN Issue [#66: FRMR - Machine-Readable Requirements & Information](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/66)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Ongoing improvements to FRMR continue - last week, control mappings for Key
Security Indicators were added and the template process updated to create human
readable versions both with and without control mappings.

https://github.com/FedRAMP/docs/blob/main/markdown/FRMR.KSI.key-security-indicators-with-controls.md

### OPEN Issue [#65: Scope of FedRAMP Guidance / Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/65)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Finalization of this guidance has been delayed due to unexpected staffing
changes. We're now anticipating updates through early July with approval from
OMB sometime that month.

### OPEN Issue [#64: Federal Information Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/64)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Finalization of the RFC justification and approval by OGC has been delayed due
to unexpected staffing changes. Updated goal is to release this for public
comment during the second week of July, which extends predicted finalization to
the third or fourth week of August.

### CLOSED Issue [#62: FSCAC - Administrative Work (June 27)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/62)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

This was strictly an administrative meeting where we met some of the new members
of the Federal Secure Cloud Advisory Committee (FSCAC) and discussed changes to
the committee's priorities under the new administration.

The FAS Commissioner, TTS Director, and FedRAMP Director have been delegated
authority for the Administrator's functions in 44 USC Â§ 3616 and directed to
ensure the committee provides measurable value on specific topics where the
members of the committee are best positioned to represent stakeholders. This is
in-line with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, 44 USC Â§ 3616, and the FSCAC
charter.

**For an upcoming meeting in August (still to be scheduled), the FSCAC has been
charged as follows:**

The next public meeting will focus on advice and recommendations for reducing
the burden and cost of managing Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) for
cloud services and agencies. FedRAMP requires cloud service providers to
maintain POA&Ms
[in a very specific way](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/CSP_POAM_Template_Completion_Guide.pdf)
to assist agencies in identifying, assessing, prioritizing, and monitoring the
progress of corrective efforts for security weaknesses but this approach has not
been revisited in depth for over twenty years.

FedRAMP intends to prepare an updated draft POA&M standard that FedRAMP
authorized cloud service providers would follow to effectively demonstrate their
ongoing plans to remediate weaknesses while giving agency customers the
information they need to make continuous authorization decisions and assess
their overall posture. FedRAMP is asking the FSCAC to propose key elements of
this standard by addressing at least the following questions:

1. What are the major pain points with the current POA&M implementation for CSPs
   and agencies?
2. What are the security gaps and increased risks (including missed
   opportunities) that result from the current model?
3. What are the benefits of the current model?
4. What would a new set of POA&M requirements for FedRAMP that addresses the
   major pain points, and gaps while maintaining or increasing the benefits of
   such a process for all parties look like?

### CLOSED Issue [#61: 20x CWG Pilot Panel Discussion (Team, June 25)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/61)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

This panel was a huge success with broadly positive feedback. It showed the
value in investing more time and effort into building intentional community
working group meetings and extending them to an hour. Moving forward we'll be
shifting to a monthly cadence for our two working groups so we can plan more
quality content like this.

More background on the panel is available here:
https://github.com/FedRAMP/community/discussions/47

You can watch the entire panel on youtube here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2RHRWXcsIs

### CLOSED Issue [#60: Paramify Podcast 20x Roundtable (Pete, June 30)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/60)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

I recorded this discussion in official capacity earlier today! It was an
interesting discussion about 20x, how it has landed amongst the community, what
folks learned so far, and how this is leading us towards creating a new
ecosystem of tooling to support real security across the entire government. I
hope folks find it interesting when it's released.

### CLOSED Issue [#59: ADI Progress Report / Q&A (Pete, June 25)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/59)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

In general, FedRAMP tries to accept all reasonable meeting invites for industry
trade associations and similar opportunities to have frank conversations with a
number of stakeholders at the same time. The Alliance for Digital Innovation
(https://alliance4digitalinnovation.org/) invited me to speak with their members
at a recent quarterly meeting and we spent this time discussing the changes to
FedRAMP and reviewing our public content.

This was the first time maybe ever that I spoke with a group of cloud service
providers without them constantly beating up on FedRAMP or asking FedRAMP to do
more stuff. It was mostly informational and focused on how our improvements
would be rolled out and how adoption would work. I think this is an excellent
sign that FedRAMP is on the right track, confirmed by similar discussions with a
different group the next day.

### CLOSED Issue [#58: CSP-AB Progress Report / Q&A (Pete, June 26)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/58)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

In general, FedRAMP tries to accept all reasonable meeting invites for industry
trade associations and similar opportunities to have frank conversations with a
number of stakeholders at the same time. The Cloud Service Providers - Advisory
Board (https://www.csp-ab.com/) invited me to speak with their members at a
recent quarterly meeting and we spent this time discussing the changes to
FedRAMP and reviewing our public content.

This meeting focused primarily on questions about timelines and impacts to
currently authorized providers. It was appreciated that FedRAMP had recently
released this Roadmap giving insight into our realistic working targets and I
hope the members and other folks in the community will continue to refer to
these materials for the latest plans.

### OPEN Issue [#47: Major redesign of fedramp.gov](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/47)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

<img width="1198" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/04e51599-ff60-4b64-b38e-a0c4a3ef3b16" />

Pushing out target release to July 22 due to unexpected staffing changes but the
team has been making great progress in spite of this. We're looking at options
internally to boost momentum on these improvements overall. This is primarily a
look and feel update designed to make it easier to make further improvements
later, so we're excited to be getting closer to release.

### OPEN Issue [#43: Recommended Secure Configuration Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/43)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

An initial internal draft policy for the RSCS has been started. This needs
additional work before sharing with the TAG and CISA; current plans are to ship
to key stakeholders by the end of next week (July 11).

### OPEN Issue [#40: POA&M Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/40)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

We've decided to do something different with the updated POA&M standard; instead
of the FedRAMP team directly developing this standard, the Federal Security
Cloud Advisory Committee (FSCAC) has been formally charged with providing advice
and recommendations on how the POA&M process should be shifted for cloud service
providers and agencies specific to FedRAMP requirements. That meeting will take
place in early August.

As such, we have moved this to 20x Phase Two with a start date of shortly before
the to-be-scheduled FSCAC meeting with a plan to draft and publish an updated
standard for public comment within two weeks of that meeting.

### OPEN Issue [#38: Continuous Monitoring Performance Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/38)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Due to unexpected changes in staffing, work on the CMPS update was not started
in Sprint 02 as planned. It will shift to Sprint 04, with a goal of beginning
work July 7 and public release by July 22. This will shift the planned end date
to approximately September 12.

### OPEN Issue [#30: Finalize Key Security Indicators (KSIs) for FedRAMP Moderate](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/30)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

A significant amount of internal work has already been done to draft moderate
KSIs but further effort on finalizing and publishing these KSIs will be delayed
to allow staff to focus on reviewing 20xP1 submissions due to the success of the
20xP1 pilot.

### OPEN Issue [#28: R5.SSAD Storing and Sharing Authorization Data BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/28)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Planning for this balance improvement test has been delayed due to delays on #14
(Storing and Sharing Authorization Data Standard). All timelines are shifting at
least two weeks later.

### OPEN Issue [#23: R5.CRS Continuous Reporting Standard BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/23)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Planning for this balance improvement test has been delayed due to delays on #13
(Continuous Reporting Standard). All timelines are shifting at least two weeks
later.

### OPEN Issue [#19: R5.MAS Minimum Assessment Standard BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/19)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Due to a general lack of interest in participation and to ensure the team can
focus on the Rev5 SCN closed beta, I'm re-prioritizing this and pushing it to
later in July. We'll revisit at the end of next month to see if moving
immediately towards an open beta might make more sense.

In the interim, if you or anyone you know is interested in shifting their Rev5
approach to be based around the Minimum Assessment Standard, please drop us a
note at rev5@fedramp.gov so we can track your interest. Thanks!

### OPEN Issue [#16: R5.SCN Significant Change Notification BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/16)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

We now have approximately ~8 candidates who have accepted invitations to the
closed beta, though we are waiting for additional information for some of those
candidates and a few others. The plan currently is to begin working with closed
beta participants next week to discuss the approach and their upcoming changes
in more detail, then to host group discussions and align folks on best practices
and lessons learned as we deliver. Stay tuned for updates in an upcoming Rev5
working group session that will hopefully include discussion with participants!

### OPEN Issue [#14: Storing and Sharing Authorization Data Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/14)

Latest comment (2025-06-30):

Initial review of public comment has been completed and a fair bit of change is
necessary to prepare this for testing and evaluation. Due to unexpected staffing
changes, estimated completion of this task has been delayed. It is now targeted
for the end of Sprint 04 on July 18.

### CLOSED Issue [#12: Significant Change Notification Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/12)

Latest comment (2025-06-17):

The Significant Change Notification Requirements, including technical
assistance, have been published as Release 25.06A on fedramp.gov and in the
FedRAMP Machine-Readable Docs repository:
https://www.fedramp.gov/20x/standards/scn/

These requirements will be continuously tested and evaluated during the 20x
Phase One Pilot and Rev5 Balance Improvement Test and improved prior to wide
release.

## Delivery Sprint 1 (2025-06-02 to 2025-06-13)

### CLOSED Issue [#54: RAMPCon Closing Keynote (Pete, June 10)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/54)

Latest comment (2025-06-11):

Event was completed as planned June 10. Unsure if a recording will be available
at a future date.

Generally this discussion did not cover any new ground, but summed up the last
few months of work, the direction, and other information shared in community
working groups.

### CLOSED Issue [#55: FNN Cloud Exchange (Pete, June 2)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/55)

Latest comment (2025-06-11):

Interview was completed as planned on June 2. Seemed to go ok?

### Issue [#65: Scope of FedRAMP Guidance / Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/65)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

This RFC will close next sprint and go through final review. Prior to publishing
as formal guidance, it must be approved by OMB. This may happen next sprint or
the sprint after.

### Issue [#64: Federal Information Technical Assistance](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/64)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

This draft technical assistance is still going through final review with OGC but
publishing as an RFC is anticipated in Sprint 02.

### Issue [#61: 20x CWG Pilot Panel Discussion (Team, June 25)](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/61)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

During Sprint 01, the team identified four cloud service providers and two
independent assessors that were active participants in the 20x pilot to invite
to a panel discussion on June 25. The team began planning for the event,
including agendas, pre-work, questions, etc. Additional information about the
event will be shipped to the community next week!

### Issue [#47: Major redesign of fedramp.gov](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/47)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

Team continues to move forward on new look and feel but is no longer on track
for mid-June due to our senior engineer needing to take extended leave. Shifting
the nominal end date / release to Sprint 3/4 and will reassess prioritized
changes.

### Issue [#41: Establish DISA ILx One Way Reciprocity](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/41)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

During Sprint 01, the team continued to discuss reciprocity with DISA and will
continue discussions next sprint. There is no detailed information about this to
make public at this time beyond the intent to establish this reciprocity. ðŸ¤ž

### Issue [#19: R5.MAS Minimum Assessment Scope BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/19)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

During Sprint 01:

- Identified potential candidates for R5.MAS.B1
- Drafted Beta Test requirements and guidelines for participation
- Completed initial outreach to some potential candidates

Initial outreach identified less appetite from likely candidates. Team will
reassess priority and approach to R5.MAS.B1 and may consider an open application
process instead. During the next sprint, team will focus on refining the
requirements and making a decision on how to start the next phase.

### Issue [#16: R5.SCN Significant Change Notification BIR](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/16)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

During Sprint 01:

- Identified potential candidates for R5.SCN.B1
- Drafted Beta Test requirements and guidelines for participation
- Drafted communications for authorizing officials and agency participants
- Completed initial outreach to some potential candidates

Next sprint the team will focus on refining requirements, getting folks ready
for the Beta Test, and preparing for launch of R5.SCN.B1.

### Issue [#15: 20xP1 Low Pilot Submission and Review Window](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/15)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

During Sprint 01, the Vanguard team:

- Received 2 submissions
- Completed initial review of 1 submission
- Held 1 collaborative review meeting

During Sprint 02, we anticipate at least two cloud service providers moving to
FedRAMP In Process.

### Issue [#14: Storing and Sharing Authorization Data Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/14)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

Public comment on this RFC will close during Sprint 02 and initial review will
take place by June 27.

### Issue [#13: Continuous Reporting Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/13)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

This RFC closed this week. There were approximately ~40 public comments to
review. Updated standard for 20x expected to be published next sprint.

### Issue [#12: Significant Change Notification Standard](https://github.com/FedRAMP/roadmap/issues/12)

Latest comment (2025-06-12):

Updated standard for initial 20x release and R5 Beta has been finalized and will
be published next week.
